README.md, before:

# LeetCode_Solutions
Record my solutions to LeetCode problems

***Note:** The solutions are not necessarily optimal.*

# Statistics

| Problem ID  | Problem Description | My Solution | Difficulty | Problem Type | Accepted Date | Note |
| ------------------------------------------- | ---- | ---------- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
| [0001](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/) | [Two Sum](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0001/Problem.md) | [Java](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0001/Solution.java) | Easy | Array, Hash Table | 5/23/2023 |  |
| [0003](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-substring-without-repeating-characters/) | [Longest Substring Without Repeating Characters](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0003/Problem.md) | [Java](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0003/Solution.java) | Medium | String, Hash Table, Sliding Window | 5/23/2023 |  |
| [0009](https://leetcode.com/problems/palindrome-number/) | [Palindrome Number](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0009/Problem.md) | [Java](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0009/Solution.java) | Easy | Math | 5/27/2023 |  |
| [0013](https://leetcode.com/problems/roman-to-integer/) | [Roman to Integer](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0013/Problem.md) | [Java](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0013/Solution.java) | Easy | String, Math, Hash Table | 5/25/2023 |  |
| [0020](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-parentheses/) | [Valid Parentheses](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0020/Problem.md) | [Java](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0020/Solution.java) | Easy | String, Stack | 5/26/2023 |  |
| [0028](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-the-index-of-the-first-occurrence-in-a-string/) | [Find the Index of the First Occurrence in a String](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0028/Problem.md) | [Java](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0028/Solution.java) | Easy | String, String Matching, Two Pointers | 5/27/2023 |  |
| [0035](https://leetcode.com/problems/search-insert-position/) | [Search Insert Position](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0035/Problem.md) | [Java](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0035/Solution.java) | Easy | Array, Binary Search | 5/27/2023 |  |
| [0058](https://leetcode.com/problems/length-of-last-word/) | [Length of Last Word](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0058/Problem.md) | [Java](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0058/Solution.java) | Easy | String | 5/27/2023 |  |
| [0067](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-binary/) | [Add Binary](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0067/Problem.md) | [Java](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0067/Solution.java) | Easy | String, Math, Bit Manipulation | 5/27/2023 |  |
| [0069](https://leetcode.com/problems/sqrtx/) | [Sqrt(x)](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0069/Problem.md) | [Java](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0069/Solution.java) | Easy | Math, Binary Search | 5/28/2023 | Similar to [0035](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0035/Problem.md). |
| [0070](https://leetcode.com/problems/climbing-stairs/) | [Climbing Stairs](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0070/Problem.md) | [Java](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0070/Solution.java) | Easy | Math, Dynamic Programming, Memoization | 5/28/2023 |  |
| [0088](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-sorted-array/) | [Merge Sorted Array](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0088/Problem.md) | [Java](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0088/Solution.java) | Easy | Array, Two Pointers, Sorting | 5/29/2023 | |
| [0118](https://leetcode.com/problems/pascals-triangle/) | [Pascal's Triangle](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0118/Problem.md) | [Java](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0118/Solution.java) | Easy | Array, Dynamic Programming | 5/28/2023 | |
| [0119](https://leetcode.com/problems/pascals-triangle-ii/) | [Pascal's Triangle II](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0119/Problem.md) | [Java](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0119/Solution.java) | Easy | Array, Dynamic Programming | 5/28/2023 | The variant of [0118](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0118/Problem.md). |
| [0121](https://leetcode.com/problems/best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock/) | [Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0121/Problem.md) | [Java](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0121/Solution.java) | Easy | Array, Dynamic Programming | 5/28/2023 | A little bit tricky! |
| [0125](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-palindrome/) | [Valid Palindrome](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0125/Problem.md) | [Java](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0125/Solution.java) | Easy | Two Pointers, String | 5/27/2023 |  |
| [0141](https://leetcode.com/problems/linked-list-cycle/) | [Linked List Cycle](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0141/Problem.md) | [Java](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0141/Solution.java) | Easy | Hash Table, Linked List, Two Pointers | 5/28/2023 | |
| [0160](https://leetcode.com/problems/intersection-of-two-linked-lists/) | [Intersection of Two Linked Lists](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0160/Problem.md) | [Java](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0160/Solution.java) | Easy | Hash Table, Linked List, Two Pointers | 5/28/2023 | |
| [0168](https://leetcode.com/problems/excel-sheet-column-title/) | [Excel Sheet Column Title](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0168/Problem.md) | [Java](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0168/Solution.java) | Easy | Math, String | 5/29/2023 | A little bit tricky! |
| [0169](https://leetcode.com/problems/majority-element/) | [Majority Element](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0169/Problem.md) | [Java](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0169/Solution.java) | Easy | Array, Hash Table, Divide and Conquer, Sorting | 5/29/2023 | |
| [0171](https://leetcode.com/problems/excel-sheet-column-number/) | [Excel Sheet Column Number](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0171/Problem.md) | [Java](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0171/Solution.java) | Easy | Math, String | 5/29/2023 | The inverse process of [0168](https://leetcode.com/problems/excel-sheet-column-title/). |
| [0175](https://leetcode.com/problems/combine-two-tables/) | [Combine Two Tables](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0175/Problem.md) | [MySQL](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0175/Solution.sql) | Easy | Database | 5/31/2023 |  |
| [0181](https://leetcode.com/problems/employees-earning-more-than-their-managers/) | [Employees Earning More Than Their Managers](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0181/Problem.md) | [MySQL](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0181/Solution.sql) | Easy | Database | 5/31/2023 | The efficiency of my solution is so low. |
| [0182](https://leetcode.com/problems/duplicate-emails/) | [Duplicate Emails](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0182/Problem.md) | [MySQL](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0182/Solution.sql) | Easy | Database | 6/1/2023 |  |
| [0202](https://leetcode.com/problems/happy-number/) | [Happy Number](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0202/Problem.md) | [Java](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0202/Solution.java) | Easy | Math, Hash Table, Two Pointers | 6/5/2023 | A little bit tricky about how to record the loop. |
| [0205](https://leetcode.com/problems/isomorphic-strings/) | [Isomorphic Strings](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0205/Problem.md) | [Java](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0205/Solution.java) | Easy | String, Hash Table | 5/31/2023 |  |
| [0217](https://leetcode.com/problems/contains-duplicate/) | [Contains Duplicate](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0217/Problem.md) | [Java](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0217/Solution.java) | Easy | Array, Hash Table, Sorting | 6/1/2023 | Really interesting when you are trying to find a better solution. |
| [0231](https://leetcode.com/problems/power-of-two/) | [Power of Two](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0231/Problem.md) | [Java](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0231/Solution.java) | Easy | Math, Bit Manipulation, Recursion              | 6/4/2023 |  |
| [0242](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-anagram/) | [Valid Anagram](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0242/Problem.md) | [Java](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0242/Solution.java) | Easy | String, Hash Table, Sorting | 5/31/2023 | |
| [0257](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-paths/) | [Binary Tree Paths](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0257/Problem.md) | [Java](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0257/Solution.java) | Easy | String, Backtracking, Tree | 5/31/2023 | Not that easy, worth a try. |
| [0258](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-digits/) | [Add Digits](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0258/Problem.md) | [Java](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0258/Solution.java) | Easy | Math, Simulation, Number Theory | 5/31/2023 | Very interesting! Once you find the pattern, it can be solved with three lines of code. |
| [0338](https://leetcode.com/problems/counting-bits/) | [Counting Bits](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0338/Problem.md) | [Java](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0338/Solution.java) | Easy | Dynamic Programming, Bit Manipulation | 5/30/2023 | Not that easy, worth a try. |
| [0392](https://leetcode.com/problems/is-subsequence/) | [Is Subsequence](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0392/Problem.md) | [Java](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0392/Solution.java) | Easy | Dynamic Programming, Two Pointers, String | 5/30/2023 |  |
| [0412](https://leetcode.com/problems/fizz-buzz/) | [Fizz Buzz](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0412/Problem.md) | [Java](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0412/Solution.java) | Easy | Math, String, Simulation | 6/1/2023 | |
| [0414](https://leetcode.com/problems/third-maximum-number/) | [Third Maximum Number](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0414/Problem.md) | [Java](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0414/Solution.java) | Easy | Array, Sorting | 6/1/2023 | |
| [0415](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-strings/) | [Add Strings](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0415/Problem.md) | [Java](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0415/Solution.java) | Easy | Math, String, Simulation | 6/1/2023 | |
| [1491](https://leetcode.com/problems/average-salary-excluding-the-minimum-and-maximum-salary/) | [Average Salary Excluding the Minimum and Maximum Salary](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/1491/Problem.md) | [Java](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/1491/Solution.java) | Easy | Array, Sorting | 6/1/2023 | |
| [1822](https://leetcode.com/problems/sign-of-the-product-of-an-array/) | [Sign of the Product of an Array](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/1822/Problem.md) | [Java](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/1822/Solution.java) | Easy | Array, Math | 6/1/2023 | |
| [2215](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-the-difference-of-two-arrays/) | [Find the Difference of Two Arrays](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/2215/Problem.md) | [Java](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/2215/Solution.java) | Easy | Array, Hash Table | 6/1/2023 | The method I used is just like the most original one, which has a low efficiency. |

Commit message:

Add a note to the problem 0231

README.md, after:

# LeetCode_Solutions
Record my solutions to LeetCode problems

***Note:** The solutions are not necessarily optimal.*

# Statistics

| Problem ID  | Problem Description | My Solution | Difficulty | Problem Type | Accepted Date | Note |
| ------------------------------------------- | ---- | ---------- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
| [0001](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/) | [Two Sum](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0001/Problem.md) | [Java](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0001/Solution.java) | Easy | Array, Hash Table | 5/23/2023 |  |
| [0003](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-substring-without-repeating-characters/) | [Longest Substring Without Repeating Characters](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0003/Problem.md) | [Java](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0003/Solution.java) | Medium | String, Hash Table, Sliding Window | 5/23/2023 |  |
| [0009](https://leetcode.com/problems/palindrome-number/) | [Palindrome Number](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0009/Problem.md) | [Java](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0009/Solution.java) | Easy | Math | 5/27/2023 |  |
| [0013](https://leetcode.com/problems/roman-to-integer/) | [Roman to Integer](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0013/Problem.md) | [Java](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0013/Solution.java) | Easy | String, Math, Hash Table | 5/25/2023 |  |
| [0020](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-parentheses/) | [Valid Parentheses](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0020/Problem.md) | [Java](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0020/Solution.java) | Easy | String, Stack | 5/26/2023 |  |
| [0028](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-the-index-of-the-first-occurrence-in-a-string/) | [Find the Index of the First Occurrence in a String](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0028/Problem.md) | [Java](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0028/Solution.java) | Easy | String, String Matching, Two Pointers | 5/27/2023 |  |
| [0035](https://leetcode.com/problems/search-insert-position/) | [Search Insert Position](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0035/Problem.md) | [Java](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0035/Solution.java) | Easy | Array, Binary Search | 5/27/2023 |  |
| [0058](https://leetcode.com/problems/length-of-last-word/) | [Length of Last Word](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0058/Problem.md) | [Java](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0058/Solution.java) | Easy | String | 5/27/2023 |  |
| [0067](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-binary/) | [Add Binary](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0067/Problem.md) | [Java](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0067/Solution.java) | Easy | String, Math, Bit Manipulation | 5/27/2023 |  |
| [0069](https://leetcode.com/problems/sqrtx/) | [Sqrt(x)](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0069/Problem.md) | [Java](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0069/Solution.java) | Easy | Math, Binary Search | 5/28/2023 | Similar to [0035](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0035/Problem.md). |
| [0070](https://leetcode.com/problems/climbing-stairs/) | [Climbing Stairs](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0070/Problem.md) | [Java](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0070/Solution.java) | Easy | Math, Dynamic Programming, Memoization | 5/28/2023 |  |
| [0088](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-sorted-array/) | [Merge Sorted Array](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0088/Problem.md) | [Java](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0088/Solution.java) | Easy | Array, Two Pointers, Sorting | 5/29/2023 | |
| [0118](https://leetcode.com/problems/pascals-triangle/) | [Pascal's Triangle](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0118/Problem.md) | [Java](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0118/Solution.java) | Easy | Array, Dynamic Programming | 5/28/2023 | |
| [0119](https://leetcode.com/problems/pascals-triangle-ii/) | [Pascal's Triangle II](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0119/Problem.md) | [Java](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0119/Solution.java) | Easy | Array, Dynamic Programming | 5/28/2023 | The variant of [0118](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0118/Problem.md). |
| [0121](https://leetcode.com/problems/best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock/) | [Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0121/Problem.md) | [Java](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0121/Solution.java) | Easy | Array, Dynamic Programming | 5/28/2023 | A little bit tricky! |
| [0125](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-palindrome/) | [Valid Palindrome](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0125/Problem.md) | [Java](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0125/Solution.java) | Easy | Two Pointers, String | 5/27/2023 |  |
| [0141](https://leetcode.com/problems/linked-list-cycle/) | [Linked List Cycle](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0141/Problem.md) | [Java](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0141/Solution.java) | Easy | Hash Table, Linked List, Two Pointers | 5/28/2023 | |
| [0160](https://leetcode.com/problems/intersection-of-two-linked-lists/) | [Intersection of Two Linked Lists](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0160/Problem.md) | [Java](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0160/Solution.java) | Easy | Hash Table, Linked List, Two Pointers | 5/28/2023 | |
| [0168](https://leetcode.com/problems/excel-sheet-column-title/) | [Excel Sheet Column Title](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0168/Problem.md) | [Java](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0168/Solution.java) | Easy | Math, String | 5/29/2023 | A little bit tricky! |
| [0169](https://leetcode.com/problems/majority-element/) | [Majority Element](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0169/Problem.md) | [Java](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0169/Solution.java) | Easy | Array, Hash Table, Divide and Conquer, Sorting | 5/29/2023 | |
| [0171](https://leetcode.com/problems/excel-sheet-column-number/) | [Excel Sheet Column Number](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0171/Problem.md) | [Java](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0171/Solution.java) | Easy | Math, String | 5/29/2023 | The inverse process of [0168](https://leetcode.com/problems/excel-sheet-column-title/). |
| [0175](https://leetcode.com/problems/combine-two-tables/) | [Combine Two Tables](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0175/Problem.md) | [MySQL](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0175/Solution.sql) | Easy | Database | 5/31/2023 |  |
| [0181](https://leetcode.com/problems/employees-earning-more-than-their-managers/) | [Employees Earning More Than Their Managers](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0181/Problem.md) | [MySQL](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0181/Solution.sql) | Easy | Database | 5/31/2023 | The efficiency of my solution is so low. |
| [0182](https://leetcode.com/problems/duplicate-emails/) | [Duplicate Emails](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0182/Problem.md) | [MySQL](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0182/Solution.sql) | Easy | Database | 6/1/2023 |  |
| [0202](https://leetcode.com/problems/happy-number/) | [Happy Number](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0202/Problem.md) | [Java](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0202/Solution.java) | Easy | Math, Hash Table, Two Pointers | 6/5/2023 | A little bit tricky about how to record the loop. |
| [0205](https://leetcode.com/problems/isomorphic-strings/) | [Isomorphic Strings](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0205/Problem.md) | [Java](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0205/Solution.java) | Easy | String, Hash Table | 5/31/2023 |  |
| [0217](https://leetcode.com/problems/contains-duplicate/) | [Contains Duplicate](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0217/Problem.md) | [Java](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0217/Solution.java) | Easy | Array, Hash Table, Sorting | 6/1/2023 | Really interesting when you are trying to find a better solution. |
| [0231](https://leetcode.com/problems/power-of-two/) | [Power of Two](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0231/Problem.md) | [Java](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0231/Solution.java) | Easy | Math, Bit Manipulation, Recursion              | 6/4/2023 | It is easy to misunderstand the problem, so more attention is needed. |
| [0242](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-anagram/) | [Valid Anagram](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0242/Problem.md) | [Java](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0242/Solution.java) | Easy | String, Hash Table, Sorting | 5/31/2023 | |
| [0257](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-paths/) | [Binary Tree Paths](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0257/Problem.md) | [Java](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0257/Solution.java) | Easy | String, Backtracking, Tree | 5/31/2023 | Not that easy, worth a try. |
| [0258](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-digits/) | [Add Digits](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0258/Problem.md) | [Java](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0258/Solution.java) | Easy | Math, Simulation, Number Theory | 5/31/2023 | Very interesting! Once you find the pattern, it can be solved with three lines of code. |
| [0338](https://leetcode.com/problems/counting-bits/) | [Counting Bits](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0338/Problem.md) | [Java](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0338/Solution.java) | Easy | Dynamic Programming, Bit Manipulation | 5/30/2023 | Not that easy, worth a try. |
| [0392](https://leetcode.com/problems/is-subsequence/) | [Is Subsequence](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0392/Problem.md) | [Java](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0392/Solution.java) | Easy | Dynamic Programming, Two Pointers, String | 5/30/2023 |  |
| [0412](https://leetcode.com/problems/fizz-buzz/) | [Fizz Buzz](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0412/Problem.md) | [Java](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0412/Solution.java) | Easy | Math, String, Simulation | 6/1/2023 | |
| [0414](https://leetcode.com/problems/third-maximum-number/) | [Third Maximum Number](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0414/Problem.md) | [Java](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0414/Solution.java) | Easy | Array, Sorting | 6/1/2023 | |
| [0415](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-strings/) | [Add Strings](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0415/Problem.md) | [Java](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/0415/Solution.java) | Easy | Math, String, Simulation | 6/1/2023 | |
| [1491](https://leetcode.com/problems/average-salary-excluding-the-minimum-and-maximum-salary/) | [Average Salary Excluding the Minimum and Maximum Salary](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/1491/Problem.md) | [Java](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/1491/Solution.java) | Easy | Array, Sorting | 6/1/2023 | |
| [1822](https://leetcode.com/problems/sign-of-the-product-of-an-array/) | [Sign of the Product of an Array](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/1822/Problem.md) | [Java](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/1822/Solution.java) | Easy | Array, Math | 6/1/2023 | |
| [2215](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-the-difference-of-two-arrays/) | [Find the Difference of Two Arrays](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/2215/Problem.md) | [Java](https://github.com/AshleyXM/Leetcode_Solutions/blob/main/2215/Solution.java) | Easy | Array, Hash Table | 6/1/2023 | The method I used is just like the most original one, which has a low efficiency. |
